{"operation":"events","status":"success","events":[{"name":"What's New in vSphere 6.5","event_id":"0","start_time":"2017-06-20T14:00:00.000Z","end_time":"2017-06-20T15:30:00.000Z","presenter":"Joe Desmond, SR Systems Engineer VMWare","summary":"This session will explore the top new features of vSphere 6.5","track_id":"0","event_web_id":"167","schedule_only":false},{"name":"Securing it All - Using NSX to Secure your Environment","event_id":"1","start_time":"2017-06-20T15:45:00.000Z","end_time":"2017-06-20T17:00:00.000Z","presenter":"Joe Desmond, SR Systems Engineer VMWare","summary":"Securing data is more important than ever today. This has traditionally been a hodgepodge of physical devices from multiple vendors. VMware's NSX brings network security into the virtualization environment with an easy to understand and manage interface. Special hardware administration skills are not needed. This is all managed from an interface you are already familiar with. Connect your Software Defined Network to your core network and go. This session will explore Software Defined Networking and how it can provide you a compliant and easy to manage network.","track_id":"0","event_web_id":"173","schedule_only":false},{"name":"Building Apps with Web AppBuilder","event_id":"10","start_time":"2017-06-20T18:00:00.000Z","end_time":"2017-06-20T19:15:00.000Z","presenter":"Matthew Boyle is the GIS Analyst for Linn County Adam Gebhart is the GIS Analyst for Johnson County Mark Yerington is the Systems Analyst for Muscatine Area Geographic Information Consortium.","summary":"he presence of GIS web applications has increased immensely in recent years. ESRI’s Web AppBuilder (WAB) is one program that allows individuals with minimal or no web development experience the opportunity to create a web application without writing one line of code! This two-part training is being offered for ESRI product users to gain valuable hands-on experience in building meaningful and informative applications. Further, we will discuss what resources are needed to begin your web development experience. The focus of the morning session is on building an application with ArcGIS Online (AGO). You will create a web map using published map services. In turn, this web map will be consumed in a WAB application that you also create in AGO. The application will then be updated to include ESRI’s widgets (i.e. Basemap Gallery, Draw, Measure, etc.) to improve the user experience. Your map and application are saved in your AGO account and hosted by ESRI. At this point, you have created a web application without writing a single line of code! In the afternoon session you will build on the morning’s experience and create an application using Web AppBuilder Deloper Edition. Developer is a free download, runs on your computer (with a web interface), and gives the user the power to customize an application that is not available in Web AppBuilder on ArcGIS Online. You will build an application using the same web map you created in the morning and in a similar way. However, the exciting part about Developer is you will be able to add and configure custom widgets, view the application’s code, then see how the different code files can be updated manually or how they update as you save changes in Developer. While not required, experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript and browser developer tools will be beneficial. Course Requirements An ArcGIS Online for Developers account or an ArcGIS Online Organizational account is required for those interested in following along and building applications. Please bring your own laptop or other device, and for those attending the afternoon session, download node.js and Web AppBuilder Developer Edition prior to the training. Additional information will be sent to all registrants prior to June 19th.","track_id":"2","event_web_id":"172","schedule_only":false},{"name":"Building Apps with Web AppBuilder","event_id":"11","start_time":"2017-06-20T19:00:00.000Z","end_time":"2017-06-20T21:00:00.000Z","presenter":"Matthew Boyle is the GIS Analyst for Linn County Adam Gebhart is the GIS Analyst for Johnson County Mark Yerington is the Systems Analyst for Muscatine Area Geographic Information Consortium.","summary":"he presence of GIS web applications has increased immensely in recent years. ESRI’s Web AppBuilder (WAB) is one program that allows individuals with minimal or no web development experience the opportunity to create a web application without writing one line of code! This two-part training is being offered for ESRI product users to gain valuable hands-on experience in building meaningful and informative applications. Further, we will discuss what resources are needed to begin your web development experience. The focus of the morning session is on building an application with ArcGIS Online (AGO). You will create a web map using published map services. In turn, this web map will be consumed in a WAB application that you also create in AGO. The application will then be updated to include ESRI’s widgets (i.e. Basemap Gallery, Draw, Measure, etc.) to improve the user experience. Your map and application are saved in your AGO account and hosted by ESRI. At this point, you have created a web application without writing a single line of code! In the afternoon session you will build on the morning’s experience and create an application using Web AppBuilder Deloper Edition. Developer is a free download, runs on your computer (with a web interface), and gives the user the power to customize an application that is not available in Web AppBuilder on ArcGIS Online. You will build an application using the same web map you created in the morning and in a similar way. However, the exciting part about Developer is you will be able to add and configure custom widgets, view the application’s code, then see how the different code files can be updated manually or how they update as you save changes in Developer. While not required, experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript and browser developer tools will be beneficial. Course Requirements An ArcGIS Online for Developers account or an ArcGIS Online Organizational account is required for those interested in following along and building applications. Please bring your own laptop or other device, and for those attending the afternoon session, download node.js and Web AppBuilder Developer Edition prior to the training. Additional information will be sent to all registrants prior to June 19th.","track_id":"2","event_web_id":"157","schedule_only":false},{"name":"Registration","event_id":"12","start_time":"2017-06-20T13:30:00.000Z","end_time":"2017-06-20T14:00:00.000Z","presenter":"","summary":"","track_id":"0","event_web_id":"-1","schedule_only":true}]}